# Wiktionary Creation List
This is a script to allow you to easily create a large number of Wiktionary entries in series from VS Code.
(It doesn't have to be VS Code, but it is helpful because of its Wikitext extension and other keybinds, etc.)

## Functionality
You can type in a page name on Wiktionary to use as a list of uncreated words to generate from.
I have it pre-set as `User:Benwing2/bg-freq-fiction`, as this is the word list I always use,
but you can set it to any Wiktionary page, e.g. `Category:English redlinks` to change this behaviour.
All links on that page will be iterated through, if they don't already exist, and a tab will automatically be created to
write the contents of a new page to be created, e.g. the word "domicile". You may choose to ignore this word from the list
by pressing Ctrl+C, or, once you've finished writing it, move on to the next word and upload the current one to Wiktionary 
under your account. The ignored-words list is maintained as a file, so you don't have to repeatedly ignore words you don't
care to edit.

## Usage
This script uses `pywikibot`, a Python package for making requests to the Wikimedia API — i.e. to access
any Wikimedia wiki via a program, such as Wikipedia, Wiktionary, etc.
As this is a dependency, please run `pip install pywikibot` and go to the [Pywikibot manual](https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Manual:Pywikibot) page to see how to configure it to use your account or a bot account.
As a word of caution, I don't know whether using your own account is allowed through this method, but as the pages being
created are done entirely by a conscious human, and the meaningful content itself is not generated by a bot or algorithm,
I do not believe this requires you to use a bot account. However, if it turns out that doing this is considered botting, I will
update this readme to reflect that Wikimedia policy.

To actually run the script, it will be necessary for the script to run in the same directory as the Pywikibot installation,
otherwise it won't be able to tell that you are logged in, so run: `python main.py -dir:(your pywikibot directory here)`.
On Linux, it can be found at `python main.py -dir:~/pywikibot`.

## Menu
Whenever it comes time to submit a page, you should write an edit summary (don't have to though), and to that end I find myself
re-writing the same things when creating a new page. Fundamentally, there is not much to say when creating a page: you have
created a word, in its entirety, so there is not much you can meaningfully summarise into a short edit summary.
I end up typing things like "Created Bulgarian noun" or "Created Bulgarian verb" so often that I made a module where different short edit summaries are converted to these common ones, e.g. typing "1" when asked for the edit summary would translate to the
actual edit summary "Created Bulgarian noun".
Please feel free to modify this script (`menu.py`) to change these abbreviations. They also need not be numbers, and can be anything,
e.g. "noun" can be made to map to "Created noun page", etc.